 according to a four-year-old statistics, the eight-year-old man, who has the property of property, has to be a record of 83<unk>.
 in addition to the provisions of the convention or into the national legislation, it is not relevant to the provisions of the provisions of article 4.
 in the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was a source of economic performance.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the inclusion of candidates in the recruitment of candidates should be included in the consultation process.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of phase ii is to require the establishment of equal remuneration as a basis for remuneration.
 on the basis of the gradual development of china's tourism tourism market, there is an analysis of price increases in price prices.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping centre and street stalls has reached the highest vacancy rate for 5 years.
 the worst predictions of peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, as it is envisaged that there may be any significant changes in the annual year.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, rather than instruments.
 israel, a spokesman for israel, said that the occupying forces had to stay after long.
 we are of the view that such action would not be like this, if it has been held in open and transparent consultations.
 this is the complexity of the complexity of the question of the complexity of the court.
 the namibian family family association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization of reproductive health.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the powers of the international treaty, as well as law and in fact, as a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate the facts and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to understand that the international community's decisions and action had been made by the council.
 parents cannot afford the responsibility of the parents, and the responsibilities of the responsibilities are fully pushed to schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos flats must not be avoided with private property market competition and maintain the sales of two sales.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the capacity of the united nations in close consultations with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive is elected by an election election.
 if a person is obsolete, the person must pay due attention to the use of the installation of the installation device.
 it also carried out the establishment of international e-commerce networks throughout the country and was successfully held in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gross domestic product growth rate has risen from 9.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 after the first visit to china for the first time in the first visit, the woman and car burglars will visit hong kong this year.
 the government of chile made a strong protest by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military contingents is not compensable.
 the decision of such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 both the two countries in economics and the government of the two countries have enabled the republic of belarus to respond quickly to the organization.
 member of the delegation of india to the world trade organization (swc) in india and the united states for a transitional period of transition to the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of his husband's family university, and he decided to select a new year.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the country are not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of an education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that those who wish to use the internet on the internet should be registered.
 mr tsang also expressed appreciation for the assistance of the marine department's department of marine personnel, and other interested parties.
 good, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of these groups require a number of preconditions.
 on the morning of a 10-year-old man, the city of hong kong has gradually returned to normal.
 it was regrettable that the draft prepared draft is not in conformity with the draft convention on the law of the united nations.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, french, french, spanish and spanish, this year, this year.
 in the exchange rate with local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and 10<unk> 10<unk>.
 " in the long run, we have plans to build more multi-storey singletons of singletons.
 it is crucial that it is necessary to achieve results, which would be feasible for multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was later arrested by police arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there was a worry that the humanitarian relief relief in the region was concerned.
 the prosecutor has already lodged an appeal in this respect, and the chamber was given him to france.
 the slowdown in these countries has led to a negative impact on economic progress and maintenance of social stability.
 the week is one of the seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations, and with the north-south and north-west countries.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in promoting the development efforts of the developing countries.
 " it's impossible to know the sword, " he says. "
 (15) there is an international perspective in both words and thinking.
 the terrorist attacks took place in 11 september.
 china's ministry of agriculture said that the measures of national defence control and high-risk avian flu were quite effective.
 chile agreed that the deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force in the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the misleading of violent conflicts.
 at this juncture, however, the coalition must clearly confirm and recognize its enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive authorities may be a dialogue with different voices of the different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, on behalf of the african group, commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem.
 the chinese government intends to make a final plan at the beginning of next year.
 it's up to the old town of keelung.
 as part of the day-to-day work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the state of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs on behalf of the member states.
 the contents of the contents have been enriched by the various members of the public.
 the vast majority of member states showed that they had a tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers will be sold in the first six months after the issue of the issue of stamps.
 she also visited the secretary for education and other officials of the secretary for bureau, mr joseph lai, and the education department.
 in 1971, hong kong's family is a member of the foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of the activities of voters and electoral campaign activities.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific region expressed regret about the intention of the resumption of a nuclear test in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20.
 the bulldozer was pushing up in many cases, and in many cases, there are also residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i have to go to belgium to go to the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there are rapid changes in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, national security and the maintenance of the concept of implementation.
 such a way can help to identify genuine responsibility for the real responsibilities of the objects of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen made a statement.
 the committee affirms the need for the consolidation of the process of nation-building to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian people and residences have been damaged by the israeli army to stop the stop.
 it has also been even more consistent with the structure of the structure of the world.
 this sustained high prices of high prices, not only the people of government authorities and experts.
 he did not speak at a time when he may have to go to the heart.
 we must not hear their valuable views on political science and professional knowledge.
 as the saying goes, " we do not have to do so. "
 it is expected that all of the big nationals of the new millennium will be accelerated.
 in the light of the taiwan's palace, the light of the lights, such as taiwan's threw.
 mainland china is open to taiwan to travel to taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the functionality of the functionality is the navigational zone and the exclusive economic zone through the territorial seas.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 the director-general of the world health organization officially elected director director-general of the united nations in november last november and became the first chinese of the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, there is no international convention on extradition for extradition.
 a new era of relations between states on 10 december 1948, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations general assembly.
 the committee commends the constitution of slovenia, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no black battle.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak process of a historical process, which is extremely uncertain, and in many political difficulties.
 since the government has been gazetted on the internet, the printing department's web page has increased from 6000 to 60000 in november.
 this situation does not occur in the case of the former case or in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission must depend on the capacity of its members and the commission.
 the registration letter must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we do not wish to pursue " quality " does not mean that the " quantity " is not important.
 the entire country was generally felt that the international community had no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess the damage caused by floods to crops and infrastructure.
 therefore, the government will also be prepared in advance, in advance, in advance, to consider the co-operation between hong kong and the cross-border coalition.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the offence of murders and killings of murders, the explosions, and the maximum limits on the highest and maximum limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired at a genuine gun.
 in analysis of the waiting time, the applicants are generally available to the applicant into three categories.
 this is one of the reasons for the spread of hiv.
 as an example, an overded vehicle has become a modern product.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in ensuring peace and harmony.
 as regards the prices of food prices, i do not know how the business sector can do.
 this is not only in a position to strengthen local production capabilities.
 i think that all people will understand that our genuine sense of pride lies in 17 years.
 in the case of good health care, symptoms are mainly slightly less than a minor.
 the coordination of the related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the " product " in the market, parents can do much better.
 if there is a very serious number of double-digit figures, the consequences are very serious.
 it will continue to be voluntary repatriation for those vietnamese and laos who cannot be resettled.
 experience has shown that the new system has worked well in the 1999-year new system.
 at the same time, a moratorium on nuclear testing is essential in the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents travel for travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this might create a precedent, leading to all types of vessels which must be issued to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never have legal advice to let us know.
 as at end august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong through a total of about $ 100000000 through the local market.
 to date, the air and land assets of monuc have transported more than 30 tons of aid to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade with egypt in 1994.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not a small group of people, but also often political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some issues.
 a significant increase in cooperation between the private sector and the foundation for cooperation in the private sector was significantly increased throughout the world.
 there are no other <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 i felt excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of them to be the israelis, and the other is another.
 as a result of time, i do not have all services to all services.
 this is a cause for concern to the recent political developments in britain in recent days.
 a model of models include a model of three victorry models and animation model for the 3 per cent of the gulf.
 9 percentage points of this growth were changes in currency exchange rates.
 typical arms transactions are carried out in the place of controlling arms and exports.
 switzerland has not tolerated the financial systems of terrorism using the financial system of terrorism in the future.
 most of the job vacancies will apply for graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 the value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999 is set out in schedule.
 with regard to the details of the functions of the committee, please see the " financial and capital commission act act ".
 it was hoped that in the near future, the croatian national television station broadcasts these programmes.
 the commonwealth of civil society within the commonwealth is a great complement and support for the commonwealth official.
 the delegation of china believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now at the forefront of the 10th words, and the prospects can be done.
 this is because mr leung yiu-chung has more time to write. so i would like to make my support.
 the observer for china, africa and the inter-american association of america believes that the non-resident population is the minority of argentina.
 " we have plans to conduct a survey on employers in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the chinese version of the chinese government, and it is very important for hong kong officials to make an excuse for the mainland.
 in new york, the commissioner of commissioners held a plenary meeting in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law, however, has been developed by the model law (that is a signatory, dependency and certification services).
 as a result, the rate of gap between the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider the specific topics to consider specific topics.
 " the sar has received enthusiastic support for the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the african region in sub-saharan africa has only a phone phone.
 the press is respect for the dignity and integrity of the staff and the institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed a number of days at the border crossing between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as unloading has been accelerated, the reduction in transport costs has been reduced, and all departments benefited from all departments.
 the " school's " school's " school's " school's " school's " school's " school's " school's " school has been printer. "
 3. 2. the 2. 2 is a knowledge of knowledge, expertise and entrepreneurship ability to come to hong kong.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, fans, fans, singing, singing, singing and piano.
 if we talk about taiwan's children, it is indeed difficult to see the impact of the child's children.
 the freight cost will be based on a higher value of compensation.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing invited me to explain that there is no relationship between this and reconstruction.
 the advisory group entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to be open, open and transparent.
 i do not have the eye to see that such reports are often heard.
 (i) interested companies who are interested in the cyberport's office must submit formal applications for applications for applications for applications.
 for movies, there's a lot of people in taiwan. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, stated that some four years could be reached.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff and 1<unk>3 of managerial positions.
 the court believes that the buyer did not discharge the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be linked to the human rights commission on human rights.
 if 159 members of the co-sponsors of the draft were drafted at the 50 session of the draft, this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the meeting was of the view that the mandate of the general assembly is the privilege of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors will also be able to make a resurgence in a modern civilization in the modern civilization.
 we have set a great goal to develop hong kong's development in a region of asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, lin cheng-yuen and the fund management committee of the fund, will be distributed to the elderly.
 the honourable mrs selina chow suggested that the strengthening of the " juvenile police " of the juvenile police would be enhanced.
 in overseas markets, there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 i would like to point out the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan.
 shanghai is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong's shipping industry is able to provide a commercial decision to create a commercial decision to help ship owners.
 the government of sierra leone is a priority for the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace in the united states.
 it was said that historical history has been repeated.
 the development framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been actively engaged in its duties since the members of the commission.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> the director of information services.
 the dancers are divided into the gods of flowers.
 the situation in the social area of the united nations is a source of concern.
 as a result of the emergency, the doctor said that children had already been infected with a little child.
 questionnaires have been sent to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 it's not forget that the team will be able to bring them to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party pressure, and peace-building is no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, and the communities of the community should not allow the people of the community to encourage the potential for the future.
 everybody should not forget that these public funds are not wasteless.
 on the contrary, the university places of local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently attended the public to attend the general assembly.
 copies shall be submitted to the prosecutor or by the person as a prosecutor or by the person.
 chin chin-sheng said that james soong will arrive at xi'an's xi'an's xi'an's xi'an's xi'an's xi'an in beijing on may 5.
 the committee notes the committee's view that the additional additional information was provided during the report of the report.
 a major train accident occurred on the 22-year-old train station on the 22 north of north korea.
 the special rapporteur's activities in the activities of the special rapporteur include a broad picture of the representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i do not agree with the use of the people of hong kong as well as to the feelings of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking are also involved in other areas, including apparel, agriculture and construction industry.
 i do not believe, but i often hear the religion of religion.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections on the relationship between the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implemented some of its provisions, especially on mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12<unk> annually.
 unemployment has been reduced to 193.30000, but also for the first time in four years.
 the financial year of 2004, the united states, the united states, to the united states of us$ 17800000000 to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal ministers will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of law enforcement action regarding the pollution of the treasury's premises.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts were proposed by the office for the operations, 18 posts, and additional 18 posts are funded by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, " 3 " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's " 3 " route ".
 right, we are here in the light of a double-edged sword, and we are here.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily checks on the screening of inspections on the spots on the spot to 12.
 as for the political and religious freedom of religion, not only writes to the constitution but also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the seriousness of the external debt of the central african republic.
 if you wish to be at the scene, the meeting was at the scene at 99:30, 30, 30, 30,30 a 105 room.
 the records of the record shall be in 3 years since the final release of the record.
 in china, china has been reduced to billion people.
 a large number of bangkok in bangkok is prepared to be able to live in the bangkok center in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statements made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis will be able to drop in carparks at the carpark road in the urban area.
 the transfer of the united nations transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between sovereign states between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to be streamlined as a result of the slow-down in economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus.
 this punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, and no refugee status has been granted.
 when i went to the school, i am deeply concerned about the fact that i was very serious.
 the human rights and rights committee of africa also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender disparities and inequality, which affects gender differences and inequality, is also not sufficient.
 according to the conservative estimate of the calc and environmental protection department, the potential potential for these technical applications could reach us$ 1000000000.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is of particular importance to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has been accumulated in the light of the financial surplus in east asia.
 the swd has contacted the family's family with psychological counselling.
 the total cost of accommodation for the country will reach 80 per cent.
 these developments have further shifted changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 the resources have already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces are not invited to go to the democratic republic of the congo.
 in respect of the recruitment of police recruitment, the training and management of the police officers also apply to the prison guards in prisons.
 " the inspection was also found to be available to traffic, public utility facilities and other words. "
 after almost 30 years after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or were reflected in some international conventions.
 the department's home affairs department and the home affairs department of the home affairs department, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 if hong kong is always a sunny of sunshine, the air and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity of hong kong will always be a place.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main driving force for economic development.
 we therefore first stress that the nuclear powers carried out by the nuclear powers to be concluded in 1996.
 by contrast, the united states's largest internet service was only maintained in a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform and opening-up of the country, smes have made a significant contribution to the achievement of a wealth of wealth and social stability.
 in my country because of warming warming warming and so on, it will be possible to reach five years, and 60.
 i hope that in the process of today's meeting, the secretary-general of the secretary-general will be held in the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for allowing the guardian to abandon the right of guardianship after re-appointment.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include a uniform travel document against citizens of the countries of the region.
 there is a very difficult friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, employment, employment and employment difficulties in hong kong for some time.
 " even if it enters, " even if they enter taiwan, " even if they enter taiwan, "
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its actual role.
 as a result, there was a sharp increase in the average inflation rate last year.
 that is to say that it will no longer wish to allow for the right to use drugs and antibiotics in hong kong.
 the current average age of these greek cypriots is 66.
 the economic experts of high-risk companies have also been introduced on the weekend.
 the project can also allow more public awareness to know cultural diversity of cultural diversity and maintenance of diversity.
 given the number of applications for single persons, the government is now studying whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the assets of the above-mentioned assets were carried out under the code of procedure of the criminal procedure of the code of procedure.
 from this, it is also the only way for the students to death by the students.
 the provision of medical supplies provided by the agency for primary health care services was based on a standard of medical supplies.
 the change is not only redistribution.
 based on this subject, the conference tried to remind people that one person was killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 at the time of the neighbouring island, there were a number of crafts crafts in the neighbouring island.
 motorists are advised to follow the conduct of the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion, as the legal adviser of the legal adviser, had been dismantled by his under-secretary-general.
 in the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the material or individual of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of the amputation of the amputation of their lives, work and normal lives.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states, the united states and a number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will look forward to the journey for lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly beaten after he was subsequently beaten by his father.
 in other cases, officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only number of low-skilled employment opportunities is the low-level services.
 the project indicates that the small-scale funding approach has been based on policy experience and performance of the previous policy of credit subsidy.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said that the " charter for youth " is a " youth charter ".
 the three men were suspected to defraud the money for deception of the woman.
 they should be liberalized on the basis of the development of monetary, financial, trade and other policies in the context of national conditions.
 from the international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states to war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should contain full respect for all universal recognition of human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the right of option of option has been significant.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is keen to look forward to the security council before its consideration of the agenda, and will also be re-examined.
 each country has achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of some of the funds are not available.
 recognition of the role of the neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 10 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of many generations to come together.
 the company found that the development, manufacture and marketing of wastes, manufactured and marketing, as well as many world's famous consumer goods.
 as a result, the veterinary officer also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were reported to be infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions survey data, which verify the rate of self-sufficient rates.
 if the floods of the northwest new territories north of the north new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism and ethics are often caused by capitalism, organized crime and corruption.
 the first work of the emperor's work for the work of the huang's work is the first of his work.
 the one-way terminals in the coming two-way places can be shortened to around 40 minutes.
 the report describes the situation of the deterioration of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian economy.
 <unk> don't make large quantities of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group of the working group and international human rights services, the group of minority groups joined in the seminar in 1997.
 28 immigration officers and 13 police officers raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po.
 it is therefore desirable for the contracting authority to take into account measures that may require change.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were alleged to have been killed in the war with the police.
 in accordance with a legal article 22, a person convicted of the offence of terrorist activities, which is committed to the offence of terrorist activities.
 mr president, after closing the closure of the new landfills, mr. president, the smell will be solved.
 in the 1990s, more than 200,000 children were killed in armed conflicts, with more than 600,000 permanent disability or injuries.
 this is a great help to development in development.
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the development of the north-west of development.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department's department with a warning to the department's failure to make improvements or effectiveness.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the world's most competitive and competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 6888000000 after the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the building.
 i urge hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law in the basic law.
 thirdly, a pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, most of the major industries were unemployed and underemployed conditions.
 it is not easy to say that this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities have been absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the industrial and industrial operation, will provide effective measures to prevent the protection of the protection scheme.
 the letter will not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people in poverty and the number of people in the world are growing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the conflict of darfur was a dispute over land in the area of land in the area of land in the area of crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the development of community facilities for the development of fire services and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details of the details are also provided to improve the skills of the language language.
 chen chen-tzu's cold waves, and from time to break the waves of spectacular waves on the deck.
 in fact, in the case of jurisdiction, the draft garrison act, and the current practice of the garrison act.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource resource centre was not encouraged to encourage litigation to defend the defence.
 the chairman of the joint conference would like to express its discussions very useful and will take follow-up actions.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards after the elections for 2003.
 located on 1 avenue, the secretariat entrance to the secretariat of 1 avenue is limited to a special labelling of the permanent representative.
 the villagers are facing the village.
 the institute of agrarian reform institute was established by the institute for a land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to information provided by the information provided, the advisory committee was not opposed to those posts.
 anyone who has any information on the girl's relatives or the girl's whereabouts or the girl is urged to call mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal communication system in order to improve the quality and improve productivity programme.
 this morning, we do not have a lot of time to focus on two issues.
 to this end, emphasis has been given to education and increasing input to education as a necessary means of promoting social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not a command of command of the forces of the army.
 the field assets control system is a series of auditing audits at the end of the initial procurement of the united nations assets.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons and for the sake of protecting the environment, these substances have to be unexploded or non-examinable, non-examinable gas and no chemical.
 the treason was already in the common law system.
 worse still, it seems that the threat of destruction of the destruction of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in their brains.
 the village is all walking away.
 the armed conflict in darf region began in february last year.
 the right of discrimination against human rights is part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for the protection of pluralism.
 the procedure of the commission is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any documents or addresses.
 however, with the gradual recovery of the economy, we believe that hong kong will pick up in the future.
 the so-called choice is that the choice is to be contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but for the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to take down in mind.
 at that time, governor patten is busy the general election of the general elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 it is, however, be disappointed that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children's lives, is always sad and sadly beyond the ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the results of the operation, including $ 50000, were seized during the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they expressed their view that the level of technology, as described as technology technology, is the level of scientific theoretical.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the representative of the united nations, progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was located near the city of mahayaha, a car bombard.
 senior officials of senior officials at the session of the session, as well as personal guard, will be issued to the united nations security and security guard.
 information on the latest map and new access images have been transmitted rapidly to rescue agencies.
 the scheme covers 15000000 citizens of citizens, including students, men, women and children, no discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies, however, carried out mine clearance activities in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, once again to the housing department once again went to the housing department, some time will be inspected.
 drop-out rates in secondary school are still higher than boys.
 the anti-smoking and bian-chairpersons have been stacked at a stalemate.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and entering such private schools.
 he did not imagine that it has changed its decision to change her decision.
 a warning letter will be received at the transport department.
 they are always in the hands of the united states, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for environmental capital, the senior adviser of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in interest, they do not want to do business.
 consideration should also be taken into account in the past decade, in particular the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of them cannot be said to see.
 it has been proposed to lift the cuban sugar quotas in the us market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to make public recruitment candidates.
 the 3 children have been released, but the next day was also required to report the gendarmerie.
 mr yrwei made a modern statement on the modernization of hong kong's trademark legislation.
 the more representative of the voters, of course, the more representative of our body.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be carried out in a 13-minute flight.
 if he is not enough enough, they will be able to take a rest, and i believe it will be quite a few years.
 this practice is obviously the administrative and excise department.
 the end of december 1963 was a campaign for ethnic cleansing campaigns against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to understand details of the case in court hearings.
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation for the work made by the chinese delegation to the work of the topic.
 no one has to go to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the status of marriage, she asked whether research had been made to identify the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than a year earlier.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology advisers to members and the special adviser.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 it is therefore important that non-governmental organizations and other important groups have been placed on the activities of non-governmental organizations and other important groups in all levels.
 the delegation said that most of this was the result of external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this accomplishs the dedication and dedication and dedication and dedication of our colleagues in the past. "
 the prize presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the living standards of children and improve services, parents will pay some costs on the basis of household income.
 however, there is a need for further efforts to improve the results of the work of the work of the public.
 those criminal acts should not be allowed to provide safe shelters to those who have been implemented, grants or in other ways.
 on july 26, he was seen in sha tin to see a security guard with two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of the actual contact or liaison of the customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreign expatriates in territory shall be protected by law in the territory of the republic.
 the member states of the european union have been in line with the instructions taken on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp pfp (pf) was quite anger and immediately sent a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by the weak weakness of japan.
 it is unrealistic for others to use their own people.
 as a result of the breeding of the mutches, it will be able to make a knife-to-face wooden structure.
 the fishing industry in taiwan has six years since last year.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has been eliminated through countless resolutions, multi-ethnic multicultural, multicultural and multi-ethnic religion.
 the hkma will implement regulatory functions in accordance with the supervision and standards of the licensee by the sfc.
 he was the first time to return to the sample of samples.
 we would like to see that the university of peace is truly universal and to make a genuine global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections for planning and research in private and private sectors.
 more than five years ago, friends are invited to attend the chinese new year's eve.
 the united states government recognizes that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should be entitled diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is to pay for an instrument of adjudication.
 in the competition, the students had to cope with the problem, such as power power, black-to-the-board attacks, the installation of equipment and the tact.
 we are now considering the views of the industry in implementing the proposals.
 staff members also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any special reference to the use of a company to conceal loans with one or a company.
 it's strange that the chinese people will leave the names of the names of the names of their names.
 the health education of the department of health (dh) has provided health education to members of the disease and to carry out disinfection in their homes.
 now, in view of the current situation in post-conflict peace-building, we are deeply concerned about this issue.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to address the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 in view of the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to focus on a single dimension.
 we are working closely with the process of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree, i would like to do so.
 these include threats, including the concept of the concept of sovereignty, has always been promoted.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be made from the development of the international community.
 a number of state of emergency was extended again on 15 december.
 after a few days after the taliban occupied mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very suitable for the use of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy of government has always been as much as possible in line with the support platform for the application of the system.
 in addition, there were 107 private child care centres, and 106 have also been maintained at 106.
 during this incident, two sides have taken military action, but the front line has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of new novels.
 however, some of the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission's experts could make a new image of about 15000 images of the new images and the recent number of information relating to the commission database.
 a total of 10 per cent vacancy rates were recorded for local employment.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will reduce sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 the works will begin early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large agencies refer to the establishment of more than 100 or more people in other sectors.
 in accordance with article 23 of the swedish penal code, article 23 of the swedish penal code is lower than the maximum limits to be completed.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan king of morocco, the kingsan of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, while the remaining 19 are sponsored by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spain's particular concern.
 there will be an incident in which the vehicle was found to be illegal.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, the usa came together with us.
 more than 2000 pots will be displayed during the easter holidays from january 13 to 16, 2001 during the easter holidays.
 the survey will be provided to the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, and especially in poverty.
 one of the top of them is the launching of the new games in the first place of the chinese company this year.
 in 1993, the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the trend of the world's human rights.
 people are also aware of the circulation of vomiting and other illnesses.
 15 catholic catholics and international charitable charitable charities, and many of his staff, are said to be subjected to execution in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that this legislation was revised in 1999 to provide more investigative powers and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will address a keynote speech at the hong kong trade development council and the french association association.
 if they take into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance submitted a response on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market.
 mr lau ping-cheung has just said that if it is to apply for the application, i would like to inform you <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found to be 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, it is necessary to start collecting data on the stockpiling of their storage and production records.
 attention should be paid to the data contained in these tables, which had been obtained from various agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people, such as " vested people ".
 i believe that many people do not agree with this view, but it will oppose the proposed land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon with the regional forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the attacks in the south-eastern part of the country and continue to offensive in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the plan to extend the project, we intend to prove that the impact of the problem of labour shortages is to help them.
 they use german cyclical models, speeding speed speed and speed speed at the cost of $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court received a pluralism of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still subject to the division, and the need for specific consideration should be taken into consideration and approval.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 to hold a special traffic arrangements in order to take place.
 private universities also give relief fees to be reduced by the students.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations is indispensable to further achievement of the common objectives of our region.
 he is extremely strong, with a strong strong strength, and he was given his heartfelt heart.
 some of the police officers will be asked by the question of the perpetrators.
 the results show that those who have not been treated in the medical use of drugs were being sold through a german company through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to be open to the tunnels of al-qud al-qud al- al- al- al- al- al-sharif.
 in fact, after this year's holidays, the travel industry department has not received any complaints from passengers of the travel industry.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defense has held depreciation to reflect the involvement of the latter in the latter.
 therefore, if you have been concerned about the right of the demonstration, i would like to agree that we should not be able to let ourselves.
 the private car immediately fled the scene along sha tsui road to tai po kok road.
 although the evidence is clear, they are still in fact that they are still in defence.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 however, it is inappropriate to note that in the context of their own different roles and missions, it is not appropriate. "
 i believe that not only will affect the future.
 the problem of the problem of the environment, which is the case of the environment, has not been able to make the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the same as the military.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the groundwater drop in the gaza strip and led to the east to the east.
 i think that this week, in this week, has demonstrated our commitment to the resolve of this international health.
 i also wish to thank the secretary-general for his thanks and appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration of his report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility.
 for its part, in its terms of political instability, the re-establishment of democracy has been sacrificed.
 in the west of the west, it was only the legend of her many legends.
 i am well aware of the fact that we are well aware of the fact that we are well known.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations in the work of the sea.
 in the history of history, there is no other child.
 " the entire continent of peace " and brings bright brightness to the entire continent. "
 as a new consultant, i would like to make a good foundation for the establishment of a new ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, the sanctions are likely to be a non-religious means to become a moral means to the entire international community.
 cocaine seizures in recent years had been low in recent years, and seizure of 913 kcaine were seized in 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supports mexico's proposal and urge the united nations to consider the request of the international court of justice of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (a) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industry scheme.
 after he was a police vehicle, he was taken away from a police vehicle. he was beaten from a police vehicle.
 on the environment, international efforts should be carried out in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to determine the results of the public information and assessment results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that he had a short statement than i was short, but i shall now have a short time.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums for combating terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states was overthrown by the court of appeal in the district court.
 in this connection, there are 150000 displaced persons in the southern district and in katanga, in the northern governorates of katanga and katanga.
 because of the fighting and air strikes at the end of july, some international groups had to go away from the city.
 in response to the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the training of pre-school training.
 at the very best, i could only say that the government is only going to put it out of the local saying.
 currently, the operation of the operating budget of unhcr is a year of $ 40 per year.
 other than 10 per cent of the non-us dollar value valued at the cost of $ non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non-us dollar shall be provided to the floating exchange rate.
 the president and mrs. president.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle, and could be a forum for a forum.
 in the 1 question, mr tien said that in the light of the above-mentioned 1, the standing committee's standing committee's standing committee should be able to achieve basic competence ".
 therefore, it is unwise to make a more rich and more rich expression to express expressions in the so-called spirit.
 regular and <unk> 6 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 7 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the specific details of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of the republic of ecuador entered an increase in the increase in 2<unk>3 and columbia.
 recently, the most recent example is that the construction of a charpose court, which is a complete controversy in country parks.
 the recording of the items envisaged to be envisaged in the procurement model is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors will speak on the workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers who were arrested earlier on june 15, were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 at all levels, the question has been made available to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but no progress has been made.
 the regional security system has expanded to expand information on counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose the use of non-governmental organizations, the information and committees of the commission.
 in order to ensure the interests of consumers, i would like to make this motion debate today.
 turkey supports the director-general of the director-general to strengthen policies on behalf of the field, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 if the signing of international treaties has been signed, there is a request for legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 persons are to return to their homes.
 under the list of national states, there is no change in the list of states, which continues to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decline in the construction industry, the transport and transport industry and the industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, a number of limitations were given to the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this is an exception to the exception of a period of time, which is not too long to avoid punishment.
 at each of the weekends, the next class will be packed up to the parents ' parents ' parents, and the traffic has also been blocked.
 the bank does not want to take another thing that the government instructed the government to deal with its business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 24611119; 871111; <unk> 2734 8911.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can serve as a unit to study.
 section 190 to 201 of the criminal code of the georgian penal code (bank banking accounts) is detailed in detail.
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to expand training and traffic aspects. "
 since 50 years since the united nations has been established, albania has been one of the most saddened experience in this continent.
 we are not in favour of taking pressure in the process of resolving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why i do not have <unk>
 he was released several days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference to adopt a global, effective treaty to combat anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international system of international institutions.
 1970-1975 counsellor of the soviet embassy in italy.
 a code of self-sufficiency on the legal activities of conflict zones should be developed.
 the preconditions should be the subject of equitable, equitable, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale of flats in the above-mentioned two sale is still available for sale in the flats.
 in the same period, there were 505300 births in hong kong, compared with 32000 deaths.
 however, i do not think that, because this issue reflects the issue of history and the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so.
 more than any other group, they need families, social and government care and care.
 it has been reported that these foods have been exported by polluted food, and then food food reintegrated as a clean food.
 with regard to the choice of children's name name, luxembourg has raised reservations at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they further discussed and agree with the need to stop arms into the country.
 from short-term perspectives, the government should discuss with the industry carefully and listened to their views.
 i would also like to think about the tens of thousands of victims over the last decade.
 ni <unk>x <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the overall plan was to focus on helping girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau was determined to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 28, 1928, the ccp <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk>
 at the time of promoting chickens, there is a wide range of chickens with peasants.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 against this background, the committee was working to understand all kinds of hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who are concerned are lost.
 the failure of the unutilized balance was the main reason for the termination of the troop expansion programme.
 in addition, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute to the palestinian direct contributions.
 the scientific research and practical application of the satellite remote sensing should be enhanced.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region are enjoying and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the services industry have received a total of 79000 loans in services during the reporting period.
 early in june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank you for the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations themselves to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade friends from entrepreneurship: it is not possible to learn about their own lack of difficulty.
 the storm has also affected hong kong as a result of a painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 after the protests of the assembly, some people feel emotionally caught in the blockade, and the police used a high pressure on the water.
 the establishment of a trade point for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) was established in recent years.
 i think it is most important to respect the civil service, so that they can sit on the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system of the pension system, which had been influenced by the impact of the man.
 (c) the commander of the force office: as a result of the dissemination of information transmitted by the office, two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of development, department of development, department of development, department of development, exhibitions and similar activities have been launched.
 the gizmondo global sales of the gizmondo global market said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be placed on the same position, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal manner.
 despite the obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy that is being implemented.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration is also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked me.
 dollar deposits increased slightly by 17<unk> in july to november, following a modest increase of 17<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know about this incident.
 however, the participation of women in the community depends on the economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the assembly and the commissions have clearly reflected the issue of common concern for all humankind.
 their despair and suffering must be concluded.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of all hong kong's success. "
 in this regard, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 after all $ 2000000000 us dollars, only 12.3 million us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index (cpi) reflected the changes in the rent paid by households in hong kong.
 such an approach to such an approach would be able to focus on the return to the original guarantee.
 he believed that the preparatory work in beijing's olympic games is in a position to succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 in its recent session, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment.
 this is what we can do so.
 the protection of the maternity protection ordinance in 2000 was also banned in the workplace in 2000 to 21 weeks of female workers.
 in paraguay, a significant improvement has been made in paraguay that the river transit corridor will become 2 important transport routes to road transport.
 everyone is welcome to see.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that there will be strong efforts to develop, and we hope that it will be able to achieve as soon as possible.
 for the people of the public, the importance of the general assembly hall is now the culture of art.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far faster than the population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday) morning, a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives of the national archives were also robbed.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology achievement.
 their disciplinary disciplines have been tightened and acted as a matter of their own.
 these proposals have been made up for many years.
 a police spokesman stressed: " two are ordinary letters and members of the public have not been worried about.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing missing person to contact investigating officers at the regional crime unit of east kowloon region.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review a timetable for the system-wide conference.
 74 years of age, the 74-year-old man, his spirit, and every day on the day depends on 100 patients every day.
 this incident took place at the road of gushov, which occurred on the path of gushov.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is more than a few times.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on the debt.
 the millennium has seen a great achievement in the century and this millennium.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about what i have explained to my amendment.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilians.
 the phase of phase iii of the 3 genetic revolution was called the biotechnology revolution.
 i think that the chinese government has promised to draft drafting the basic law in drafting the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the needs of the people of the iraqi people to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: chinese charitable funds and chinese temples fund were set up after the enactment of the temple in 1958.
 it is also difficult to distinguish between voluntary and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitments.
 this letter was written on the first page of the day's page.
 at the same time, the inflation rate sustained a high rate of high levels, and it is expected that inflation will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that he believed that the legal profession in the legal profession was tired of a lot of voters.
 i also very much agree with the proposed amendments to reducing the recommendation of some of the administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them again.
 the meeting was drafting a number of recommendations and recommendations for the 1 session of the review committee.
 management systems are a complex project which will have a profound impact on the management of personnel, budgets and financial operations of the united nations.
 it is also high if the number of people in hong kong can be purchased.
 to cooperate with relevant measures, customs, fire services department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang yingan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and the civilian police are unable to secure direct security.
 the text was aimed at a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after the introduction of an internationally wrongful act.
 police arrested three rooms of the three rooms on march 27 and three rooms on march 27.
 they must be accepted by the continuing professional training, and their registration is given to renewal.
 the department will be invited to take part in the allocation of schools in the central allocations of the central allocations of the central allocations.
 however, the implementation of these technology is enormous.
 i would also like to say that he was not good.
 the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3, paragraph 3, has become more obvious.
 the minimum age for the service will benefit from each society.
 a view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i just want to repeat the arguments earlier, and only hope you will have their loyal employees, they will also give them to them.
 following the consent of the present group, the president shall declare an end to the debate.
 he said: " your work is often the most dark. "
 i believe that the upper level should be taken on the situation in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the sisters of the sister were suffering from starvation and the snow and snow snow and snow snows.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of our society.
 it is a major step in the future, ah.
 the community is now strongly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the mission went to new york, it was as a safer and prevented them to enter the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will slow down considerably.
 the united kingdom believed that this court should be consistent with guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital out in the short term, i think the government should more actively implement the relevant policies.
 the convention on the law of treaties addressed the question of the multilateral covenant and the agreement, which also included the issue of reservations to human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is creating a true democratic state of a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandese military was allegedly snacked by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will be submitted to the appeal for appeal as soon as possible. "
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has enabled the poor to become more vulnerable.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is indeed an ideal city for a speedway.
 in a number of countries, cross-border entry into the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 in more than two weeks, taxpayers and personal income taxpayers may be repaid in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of the need for japan.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of women in the sudan, welfare and social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the secretary of the secretary for administrative services and the chairman of the committee, and the secretary-general is accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is that the permanent mission of italy, with the department of public information, will end on friday, 5 november.
 it is also clear that the life expectancy in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between the administration and legislation.
 even if there are no public transport in the streets, there is no public transport in the streets.
 this year, after all, there may be no different status.
 next, let us take a look at the bush policy in the past.
 in addition, members may also see the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 when i look at my <unk> her style, i would like to listen very much to my speech and listen to me.
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to achieve its goal in gross domestic product.
 right, a little difference.
 if the united nations has a vital role in the united nations, we must have the united nations to make the united nations to make a step forward.
 in his budget, the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock " in his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing the public housing estates in the course of the ground and to bear the relevant expenditure.
 after the election, it was believed that this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry has been downward downward.
 the croatian police are also carrying out regular patrols and vehicle patrols by the croatian police.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental issues " had pointed out to the education department.
 the united nations needs to have more support for more than ever before.
 before the registration of the registration scheme, the administration will consider carefully consider all the views of the scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have to ask the advice of the advice and is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently had a strong wind. it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last 1 stop in north america on november 10.
 exports from the united states to the united states had risen from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit a matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 just like her her husband to her her husband.
 152.2, despite the need to analyse the data and quantity of data, the content of the text of the data is relatively less.
 however, the report points out that, although the local market had food and specialists, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with that view and recommended that the current contribution of the 2.7 per cent rate was retained.
 the gains made by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be justified in the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has admitted to the ad hoc group to recognize the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the hong kong economy has continued to grow, and the government's surplus surpluses many countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general for the establishment of the commission.
 over the years, a large number of documents prove that due to the lack of water shortages, due to inadequate water shortages.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting the prohibition of nuclear explosions, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they had been unable to host him as a result of the urgent task.
 as a whole, it is much greater than its part.
 (b) the clp will be full of public holidays into a non-resident peak period from january 1, 1999.
 the people of the green paper will be misleading the green paper.
 in 1993, it became a member of china's appointments and was appointed to be a member of the licensea board of licensees.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 the aim of a long-term strengthening of the capacity for national protection and protection of the national protection and protection of human rights.
 the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously used as the most powerful law.
 at present, science and technology in science and technology are changing, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 there is also an important topic in the chinese and western science museum of the museum.
 in the context of a sense of rationalness and sensitivity, he was insigned with a sense of emotion.
 i refer to the response of the sexes in west africa.
 it is, however, most fundamental of the angolans themselves to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the eu.
 there are few signs of sexual drugs in fiji.
 such seminars were very tired, because it was a pity that it was not wasteless.
 on the other hand, there has been an ex-offication of the island's metal turtles, fods and rodros.
 these women have also been subject to discrimination against workers, or in the labour of labour.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of the world's economy is, generally speaking, the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia had a female head of state in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this ballistic phenomenon is the product of the new system of a new system in the other countries.
 there have been a number of previous groups who have not been able to speak and oppose 1988 1988.
 however, as a result of the restoration of the people's livelihood, the possibility of continued resources for east timor will be needed.
 in the capital baghdad, a police bureau was attacked by car bomb attacks, causing at least five people dead and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police charged with human rights violations of human rights and other irregularity or criminal acts.
 his election has highlighted the various advantages that he made his personal quality and in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, the entire trade will not survive.
 the line of 103 cm at the time of the curb on the ground shall be 173 pairs of two pairs of two double-storeys and 133 pairs.
 in order to " the word ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-resident security, the debtor should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtors.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in mutual legal assistance, will result in the future.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the explosion, but no casualties were caused by the scene.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " conference that is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not mentioned in the section of the document.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs that it is because some of the things are too close to election.
 the equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies are still filled, and the meeting was resumed on the afternoon.
 the carpark of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the growth of our clients is still stable.
 many people first have to enjoy the convenience of carparks.
 in mid-july this year, lee's visit to the 8 world conference on behalf of our country in the 8th session of the country.
 the 3 ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan for the bay island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the host country also stressed the need for full participation in the full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 <unk> 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 xiao qi, who is happy to happiness, was satisfied with the satisfaction and dedication of his girl friends.
 " the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management " is a keynote address.
 if you want to ask you, you would like to look for you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the most advanced advantages of the new airport.
 in spite of the limited financial resources of households in economic difficulties, many smaller money can be able to make substantial funds.
 with regard to the contents of the draft articles, the content of the draft articles was too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the spirit of the rule of law and to safeguard hong kong's international financial centre.
 <unk> 15 <unk> in table 8.1 per cent of the total resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003.
 as the secretary-general said, all states have to make their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 this writer, of course, is not the launching of the university's grass-roots level.
 at the age of 50 years later, medical checks were found to be apprehension. it's his personality.
 the israeli occupying forces also attacked all houses in the village and destroyed houses of houses and burned the other.
 the above-mentioned symptoms are advised to consult medical advice as early as possible in order to help control the symptoms.
 child prostitution refers to the use of child prostitution, access to or facilitated the use of children.
 this is not a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year rate of increase in the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that african countries have long-standing external debt problems with a long-term face of external debt.
 the debates and for many years have taken over-time hours, and we are now at the same time.
 there are 14 panels of panels of panels, and its members are members of the working group, rather than states.
 as far as the expert unit is providing more in-depth tactic training training.
 the entire project will be completed in autumn in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be given to the replace north-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, and traditional family structures are taking place.
 in order to ensure the quality of quality chinese chinese language textbooks, the administration has set up a chinese language committee.
 another point is that the banks will best be done by the banks.
 some of them were said to have been wounded.
 while his delegation appreciated the role of unctad in this field, the panellists only raised a number of interesting questions, without providing solutions.
 united nations military contingents will assist those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, these policies have been effective, and must be seen in the context of education, health and management, etc.
 however, it was reported that the person had been transferred to the detention of the person who had been transferred to him.
 in order to avoid the specific interests of the political party, the electoral campaign should be given to public funding, and the cost of electoral campaigns should be strictly controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the completion of the year 2000 will be provided to the working group on the right to development.
 i didn't have imagined that she had experienced a wave of waves over the past.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes), mr chan wing-yen, attended the report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of history, a wide range of land in the new territories is a wide land in the new territories.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas. "
 if they do not want to do so, " you don't want to " you ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces of the indonesian security forces seem to be the sky, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please watch a series of five series of new zealand's new zealand's new zealand, innovation and innovative.
 the new integration guidelines adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. during the experimental system, the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact on the area and the preservation of the population.
 national television stations broadcast several programmes on this seminar, which helped to improve the public awareness of this problem.
 if a person is 65 years old, there are equal employment and income over the age of 65.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he qingqing is that he has always been committed to the success of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested that the body should be reviewed immediately on the basis of the international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will provide suitable for non-resident university graduates to search for suitable vacancies and assist them in employment. "
 as china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, the 2008 olympic games will also be prepared to do so.
 recently, a scholar from the mainland and university of hong kong was attended by the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, there is a system of balances and balances.
 he said that if a person was theft, then he also guarantees the safety of thousands of human security.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections and show their attention to the importance of the self-government authority.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 to retain the " dignity in taipei's " dignity ", it is now on the door of the new painting.
 the official, who requested that the name of the name of the name, said: " it's entirely animaginable statement.
 born in 1944 in new zealand, rice, rice, university of rice, canberra university and the australian university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been attacked with each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and chinese, will be put up at a notice of the site of the works site.
 because the dpp has created a new democratic movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of workers.
 the claimant provided an export credit guarantee for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has established a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention is to be given to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the health of the health care act, the territory of estonia has the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 national daily also quoted economists of bangkok in bangkok, saying: " nobody knows how many costs are concerned. "
 " zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou zhou " has been published by the liaoning population in liaoning.
 madam president, today's secretary michael suen is the " food die ", and we should not stay away from him.
 in the dark and dark atmosphere, i might say some more people's comparison.
 the text of the above-mentioned statements is contained in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience's reaction has been very enthusiastic.
 i may also refer to some examples that some people have been suffering from the hospital authority to the hospital authority.
 it is necessary to propose amendments to the need to reflect on the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, all of us all went to chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender issues are more sensitive to the national census in 2001.
 she has the highest degree of morality and enjoying all civil rights.
 all departments concerned will be involved, and plans to be taken from preventive, prosecution and prosecution of victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some cases, the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general cases, 100 per hour per hour of small arms and small arms ammunition can be carried out.
 secondly, the reduction of the situation is tense.
 we are first of the draft resolution on economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded that his daughter was his family daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash for peacekeeping reserve funds.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general and the special representative for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in the attractiveness of developing countries in the developing countries is likely to lead to financial instability.
 an international seminar was held jointly with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of the banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to a number of states that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 aids is suffering from the suffering of children and orphans, suffering from the suffering of children and orphans; the conflict has increased their suffering.
 during the briefing by the council in january this year, mr. sergio de mello's proposal should be generally enhanced as the efficiency of the civilian police handling.
 it is our assessment that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now not yet exist.
 the number of youths accounted for 19 per cent of africa's population in africa.
 at the same time, the situation in hong kong and india has become more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumer consumers in the united states spend more than 1000 advertisements in the life of the united states.
 i think it is important that the humanitarian situation of iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a worthy topic to play.
 the office of disarmament has requested the ministry of disarmament to assist member states to make financial commitments on the part of member states.
 the financial condition of our financial position is well better than the united kingdom. therefore, there is no need to catch up.
 the last time in bin laden was last seen in the end of 2004, but his deputy secretary of the deputy secretary-general of his deputy al-zai.
 the 4 field is the creation of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau set up the government's working group on the reduction of the waste reduction programme, which is chaired by mr tam yiu-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government has not taken this matter.
 the day before the festival was the day before the performance of the performance of the national music scholar, mr hu said he was at the same time.
 the gross surplus of the business services industry accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict children, children need to be cared in a society in society.
 the bosnian serb forces of the civilian population have increased on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a period of two weeks, 50400 visits were completed during the next two weeks.
 the chickens have been transferred to the market before they were transported to the market. "
 he said that the secretariat would like the executive board to provide guidance on whether they continue to continue.
 the demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 km and the extension of a 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been established to ensure that women's demand for female inmates are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 the 1 of taiwan's 1 visit to taiwan is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect the wave of fog weather in northern china.
 this section reviewed the reasons for the right to the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was handed into taiwan.
 the penal code and the criminal procedure act has been revised in order to strengthen national legal systems.
 an appropriate legal sanctions against any person engaged in weapons of arms would be able to facilitate the compliance of the procedures for authorizing the process.
 the government and the business sector have been introduced to consolidate hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet in hong kong will be displayed at the hong kong stadium at the dinner.
 the director of home affairs, speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was carried out by the military forces of the taliban and the taliban in the north-west of the taliban.
 there is a large number of data available in computer systems and a large number of major issues, and also triggered and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the list of members of the asean regional forum, stating that there are important developments in the security situation as well as to them.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods were returned to the same day.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system and the overall burden on the community will be the more. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicles from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda is not cost-effective.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people, if the enemy is the enemy, so that people should not be able to work.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system in hong kong.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i feel that i am sorry.
 through this election, china has fully ensured that hong kong is a system of asset.
 it seems that, despite the intention of the author's intention to take advantage of this procedure, they have not been utilized.
 as a result, it is not possible to follow the new areas, but should not go to new areas. "
 as a result, the results of the accreditation results will be issued in july.
 in the face of the 1940s, the works of johnson have exceeded 1940.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question today, namely, the bill will be implemented in the transitional period of transition.
 after he arrived at the united states, sha tsui was arrested on the 3 of this month after the united states was arrested by new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the outlook for the next year and the future economy.
 economics also depend on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 some experts expressed the statistics that statistics had not been reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to choose different types of bricks in different regions of different regions.
 since 1978, the exchange rate system has arisen in a long period of time since china's implementation of economic reforms.
 the bishkek group has been set up within the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 " we will continue to discourage young people who have adverse effects on health and health. "
 part of the outcomes are summarized as follows: apart from religious studies, research, mathematics, mathematics, etc.
 this year's total revenue was $ 102020, representing a total of $ 825600, compared with nearly 24<unk> of the total.
 these provisions should be interpreted by the chinese side.
 the united nations operational rate of non-usual items carried out by other currencies is based on the united nations operational rate of exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental solution for the promotion of international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have made more than two years in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i am aware of the fact that the doctoral friends of the doctors have expressed dissatisfaction with such acts.
 the spokesman said: " it is necessary to reflect the latest use of land use in the north-east of lantau island.
 this has forced the negotiation of negotiations at the stage.
 to that end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time and unconditionally without legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the half of the century, human beings lived in dangerous nuclear dangers.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these issues, the commission was set up by the prime minister.
 it will also be the longer that we are prepared to carry out the longer-03, the longer the time for the period 2003-04.
 there are no other groups that have been separated by any other group.
 the conduct of the act is comparable to a similar violation of the article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the key account policy for these financial statements is to be made as a summary of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rains in southern yunnan and in some parts of the south.
 on behalf of the comoros and people of the government of israel, i should like to thank the government of israel.
 undp has not yet been able to provide donors to trust the structure of the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the delegations of mali, mali and ukraine, as vice-chairman of the delegations of mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development in its strategic strategies, programmes, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has an average of about 70 candidates for an average of about 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits fled the victim, the victim entered the home of the employers.
 authorities have announced today the day today.
 for example, in the phase of the phase of the 3 phase, it was very late to keep up with the crop season in 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should it be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has already been reduced by 30 per cent.
